int : 2,14,74,83,647
Sql Server:
SQL Server is a Microsoft product used to manage and store information. Technically, SQL Server is a “relational database management system” (RDBMS). Broken apart, this term means two things. First, that data stored inside SQL Server will be housed in a “relational database”, and second, that SQL Server is an entire “management system”, not just a database. SQL itself stands for Structured Query Language. This is the language used to manage and administer the database server.

Server
Database (table,function,view,trigger,Stored Procedure)
Table
Data

comment (single line comment, multy line comment)

ddl : create, alter (add,drop,alter), drop, rename (execute SP_RENAME '<old_name>', '<new_name>') , truncate
dml : insert, update, delete
(tcl : commit, rollback, savepoint
dcl : grant, revoke) --covered last

constraint (primary key,unique,check,foreign key,default,not null)
cascading

where
between
in
like

join
group by
set operator (union, union all, intersect, except)

order by
top
distinct
print
variable
loop
case/iif
if, else
try catch

cte (Common Table Expression):
A cte is a named temporaary result set that exist only within the execution. Scope of a single sql statement.

view:
A view is like a subset of a table which is stored logically in a database. A view is a virtual table.


temporary tables : local temporary table, global temporary table
table variable


function(inbuilt function and user define function)

aggregate function:
avg,sum,count,min,max

ranking function:
rank,dense_rank,row_number,ntile

analytic function:
lead,lag,first_value,last_value

String Functions : ascii, char, TRIM(2017), ltrim, rtrim, lower, upper, reverse, len, DATALENGTH, left, right, charindex, patindex, substring, 
					replicate, space, replace, stuff, CONCAT, QUOTENAME, CONCAT_WS(2017)

math function : abs, ceiling, floor, power, rand, square, sqrt, round

date-time functions : CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,getdate,sysdatetime,DATEADD,datediff,DATEFROMPARTS,DATENAME,DATEPART,day,month,year,getutcdate,ISDATE

Advanced function : Coalesce, exists, null, Cast, Convert


user define function: (Scalar Valued, Table Valued)
a function is a sp that you can pass parameters into and then return value


sp:
a sp is a set of sql statement

trigger:
a trigger is set of action that are run autometically when a specified change operation is performed on a specified table/db.

index: (Clustered Index, Non-Clusterd Index)
Indexes are used in relational databases to quickly retrieve the data. The Non-Clusterd index can be created on one column or a group of columns.
